* Work on 2013.05.22

** Use timespan als filename
** corrected missing bin/brand2csv for gem
** Better handling of adresslines like '90 route de Frontenex', 'Via San Salvatore, 2

Trimmed script for more logging in VERBOSE mode. Therefore to debug I always call the following stuff
@rm -rf mechanize/; time ruby -v bin/brand2csv 05.09.2001@

* Verified the following things
** Get/Post request via HttpFox (see logs/protocol_swissreg.log)
** Content of POST-Data via mechanize and HttpFox (identical except)
** Tagged this commit as "POST_verified"

*"Cheetsheet":http://www.e-tobi.net/blog/files/ruby-mechanize-cheat-sheet.pdf

Found, that the following fields are handled correctly
# id_txf_applicant' #inhaber
# id_txf_tm_no # Markn-Nummber
# id_txf_app_no # Gesuch-nummer 
# id_txf_tm_text # text of trademark
# id_cbxHitsPerPage 

Fields, which are not handled and don't influence the response
# id_txf_appDate # Hinterlegungsdatum
# id_txf_licensee 
# id_txf_expiryDate
# id_txf_pub_date
# id_txf_nizza_class
# id_txf_agent        # Vertreter
# id_cbxCountry       # Land 'CH' or '_ALL'

* Reworked the brand2csv.rb to match more closely the interactive
Checked differences in received fields from mechanize and interactive uses (in subdirectory logs)
* start.jsp: Match okay
* start2.jsp: Match okay
* sr3.jsp: are quite different

* Work on 2013.05.21

* Added spike_mechanize_swissreg.rb

Also this attempt works if I specify a trademark name or number. But it does not work, when specifying a timespan for the "Hinterlegungsdatum".
Rechecked the Javascript parameters, but I cannot see the problem.

Therefore I try no to parse the needed information from the page.

I found out that there is either the name or a an image used as the trademark.
Loading the details of a trademark using ids like the following
https://www.swissreg.ch/srclient/faces/jsp/trademark/sr300.jsp?language=en&section=tm&id=343260 # Ohne Bild
https://www.swissreg.ch/srclient/faces/jsp/trademark/sr300.jsp?language=en&section=tm&id=P-328879
takes a long time.

* Encountered problems

Long addresses are not fully displayed, e.g.
343260  Laboratoires Sauter S.A., 46, chemin de l'Etang, Vernier;, adresse pour la correspondance:, Bureau des Marques, case ...

In this case one has to parse the detail html, which is just quite slow.

* Used tools to debug (Addons to firefox)
** Firebug for xpath anaylsis
** installed HttpFox to watch http transfer and verify the content of the post data. Very useful!

